Adding docs about scaled_float saturation with long values (#107966)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/types/numeric.asciidoc

    of `scaling_factor` improve accuracy but also increase space requirements.
    This parameter is required.

[[scaled-float-saturation]]

> ==== `scaled_float` Saturation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== `scaled_float` saturation
```

> `scaled_float` is backed by a single `long` value. Meaning, the scaling factor
> and the value are multiplied and stored as a `long`. If the multiplication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`scaled_float` is stored as a single `long` value, which is the product of multiplying the original value by the scaling factor. If the multiplication
```

results in a value that is outside the range of a `long`, the value is saturated
to the minimum or maximum value of a `long`. For example, if the scaling factor

> is +100+ and the value is +92233720368547758.08+, the expected value might be +9223372036854775808+.

Reviewer: I think we can confidently say the expected value is `9223372036854775808`

```suggestion
is +100+ and the value is +92233720368547758.08+, the expected value is +9223372036854775808+.
```

> However, the value actually stored is +9223372036854775807+, the maximum value for a `long`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the value that is stored is +9223372036854775807+, the maximum value for a `long`.
```

This can lead to unexpected results with <<query-dsl-range-query,range queries>>

> when the scaling factor is large or the value is close to the maximum value of a `long`.

Reviewer: unclear whether `value` here is the scaled float or the original value before scaling. assume the former, so maybe we should say `resulting scaled value`?

Reviewer: that makes more sense - thanks!
